docs(launch):  Add readmes to launch (#4596)
wandb/wandb: wandb/sdk/launch/builder/README.md

> The builder will build the docker image for execution of the run. 
> If you pass a prebuilt docker image, the builder does not need to do anything. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If necessary, the builder creates a docker image for execution of the run. 
Prebuilt docker images can be used to skip this step. 
```
